honoraria first draft from rachel & nathan (#186)
SeaGL/seagl.github.io: _posts/2020-08-05-honoraria.md

---
layout: post

> title: 'Call For Speaker Proposals: SeaGL 2020'

Reviewer: Having a bit of trouble figuring out the best pipeline for adding suggestions, but here we go...

```suggestion
title: 'SeaGL 2020 BIPOC Honoraria'
```

Reviewer 2: Looks like this was a copy/paste error. The title we had chosen while drafting this piece was:

```suggestion
title: 'Speaker Honoraria for Black and Indigenous People of Color'
```

We felt it was a tad long, but thought expanding BIPOC was important for clarity. Definitely open to other thoughts/ideas.

status: publish
type: post
published: true
categories: news
---

> SeaGL has previously shared our commitment to supporting [Black Lives Matter](https://seagl.org/news/2020/06/12/black-lives-matter.html). We feel it is important to endorse an approach of equity in our communities, in order to offer the support that everyone needs to be able to participate.

Reviewer: should it be "supporting the Black Lives Matter movement"?

Reviewer 2: I'm honestly not sure, but would love to learn.

Reviewer 3: I'd make a point of classifying it as a movement. My right-leaning acquaintances persistently incorrectly regard it as a formal, centralized organization and then reason that individual problems associated with it discredit the whole movement.

Reviewer 2: Adding this as a suggestion for easy updating if we choose to go this route.

```suggestion
SeaGL has previously shared our commitment to supporting the [Black Lives Matter Movement](https://seagl.org/news/2020/06/12/black-lives-matter.html). We feel it is important to endorse an approach of equity in our communities, in order to offer the support that everyone needs to be able to participate.
```

!["Equity vs Equality"](https://www.flickr.com/photos/mpcaphotos/31655988501)
_by [MPCAPhotos](https://www.flickr.com/photos/mpcaphotos/) is licensed under [CC BY-NC 2.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/2.0/)_

> That is why we are excited to be able to offer an honorarium, a small amount of money as a thank-you for offering your time and knowledge, for speakers who are Black and Indigenous People of Color (BIPOC)! The hope is that by doing this, SeaGL can continue to support our community and further our shared value of seeking out unreached/underrepresented/underserved communities and advocate for them, and their talks.  This is but one of many values we have committed to in our [Program Committee Code of Practice](https://seagl.org/news/2020/07/13/code_of_practice.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This year we are excited to offer an honorarium, a small amount of money as a thank-you for offering your time and knowledge, to speakers who are Black and Indigenous People of Color (BIPOC)! The hope is that by doing this, SeaGL can continue to support our community and further our shared value of seeking out unreached/underrepresented/underserved communities, advocating for them and their talks.  This is but one of many values we have committed to in our [Program Committee Code of Practice](https://seagl.org/news/2020/07/13/code_of_practice.html).
```

Reviewer: That didn't come out as cleanly as the title change, mostly small rewordings.

Reviewer 2: Looks good to me.

> We have not determined an exact dollar amount. These honoraria will be available to US-based speakers only, because the logistics of granting these funds outside our own country is very challenging for a group of volunteers.  We still encourage everyone regardless of location to submit talks and attend the conference virtually, even though the BIPOC honoraria will be restricted to speakers in the United States.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have not yet determined an exact dollar amount, but it will be at least $50 USD.
```

```suggestion
These honoraria will only be available to US-based speakers as the logistics of granting funds outside our own country is a larger challenge than our volunteer organizers can currently take on.
```

```suggestion
That being said, we absolutely still encourage everyone, regardless of location, to submit talks and to attend the conference virtually!
```

Reviewer 2: 1. We were trying to avoid calling out a specific dollar amount, as (a) it isn't final and (b) we didn't feel the specific amount should matter (it is an honorarium not a travel stipend). But I can also see the other side of the debate where calling out a specific amount might incentivize more people to apply (which is good).
2. Looks good
3. Awesome

> If you are interested in submitting a talk, please see our recent [Call for Proposals](https://seagl.org/news/2020/07/14/CFP-open.html) for details. You can also join us every Wednesday at 12pm Pacific Time (UTC-7) for CFP office hours in #seagl on freenode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are interested in submitting a talk, more details can be found on our recent [Call for Proposals](https://seagl.org/news/2020/07/14/CFP-open.html). You may also join us every Wednesday at 12pm Pacific Time (UTC-7) for CFP office hours in #SeaGL on the freenode.net IRC server.
```

Reviewer 2: The casing doesn't actually matter for the IRC channel (we even have `#seagl` on our website), but since it doesn't matter, I'm fine with this change.
